Two senior brothers
The wind from the earth and the moon will definitely hurt innocent people
Is the task of protecting the country lord going to be handed over to you?
You can't protect anyone today
Hell
You think I can't kill you without the Jade Dragon Sword?
Arrogance, you are now captured
I'll give you some face as a princess
Princess
Standing in front of you is the king of the Eastern Zhou Dynasty
Still unrepentant
Sunning, you can't kill me
Qiao Feng will be here soon.
Jiaolong pokes the world
It's too cheap to kill you
I will use all your strength
Stripped of your proud royal title
All my life is only for my crime of Zhoujin clothes
Hahahaha
It's your turn.
You care about too many people
You can't protect everyone in the face of true strength
If you dare to move, I will die
present
No one can survive
Ruthless is really back
The Demon Cult that once subverted the Central Plains
Chigo Power
I'm back, Princess Love has always been cautious
Dare to hold the sword today
I'm afraid there is really a catch-up.
If Chicken Heartless dares to come
I also don't recommend the gods slaying dragons like they did five years ago